= filander

Helps dealing with files and directories.

Inspired by Thor (http://github.com/wycats/thor), but without the command mapping.
This gem was created to work best in combination with commander (http://github.com/visionmedia/commander).


== Usage

  require 'filander'

  include Filander

  inject_into_file '~/.vimrc', :after => /syntax on.*\n/ do
    <<-STR
  filetype on         " Enable filetype detection
  filetype indent on  " Enable filetype-specific indenting
  filetype plugin on  " Enable filetype-specific plugins
    STR
  end


== Goodies

You can ask Filander to only do an action once per session:

  Filander.once "scope", "action" do
    # do some stuff
  end


== Extending Filander

To extend the core Filander actions, simply open a module and include Filander::Base to get the basic methods like eg. report:

  
  module GitClone
    include Filander::Base
      
    def git_clone(repository, destination)
      report :clone, repository
      unless Filander.behavior == :pretend
        system "git clone #{repository} #{join_destination(destination)}"
      end
    end 
  end


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Johannes J. Schmidt. See LICENSE for details.
